1. Park Jin-young or JYP gave Twice’s name during SIXTEEN. It means that the girl group will impress you once with your eyes and once with your ears. Therefore, they are Twice!
2. Park Jae-hyun from My Little Television show once said that Twice has the best name to pronounce for girl groups in terms of branding. Moreover, he said, Twice has a strong pronunciation. “Although it’s a word that we know, it’s also a fresh word that we don’t often use; hence it gains people’s curiosity.”
3. Twice has the nickname 트둥이 or Tdoongie, which means T-newborn. It was because Twice was the youngest group that debuted under JYP Entertainment at that time. But the title was broken after Stray Kids debuted in 2018 and Itzy debuted in 2019. However, Twice still uses Tdoongie in some of their contents.
4. Twice originally debut with 7 members. But then 2 additional members were added. The two members are Momo and Tzuyu.
5. Before Sixteen started, JYP Entertainment was rumored to debut a new girl group named 6mix. The rumored members were Jihyo who is now the leader of TWICE, Jeongyeon, Nayeon, Sana, Lena, and Minyoung.
6. Some of Twice members made appearances in GOT7‘s music video: Nayeon and Jeongyeon in Girls Girls Girls, Dahyun in Stop Stop It, and Sana in A.
7. Twice’s logo consists of T and W combined. Chaeyoung designed the logo. From the pre-debut era until now, Twice still used that logo with slight changes according to their comeback concept.
8. Twice members are popular with their ethereal beauty. Media often pushes Twice with their visual every time they had a comeback. Some say that Twice is a group that Park Jin-young picks by seeing their faces.
9. Twice is the second girl group that had the most views on YouTube. All of Twice’s Korean title songs’ music videos had over 100 million views.
10. On May 27, 2016, Twice got a second-place after AOA in KBS’ Music Bank. However, a few days later, KBS announced that there was a mistake in counting the scores. It turned out that Twice won first place instead of AOA. KBS’ producer Shin Mi-jin said they would give Twice a new trophy and not take the trophy they gave AOA before to comfort both sides.
11. In October 2019, the news about Nayeon’s stalker was spread. He was a guy from Germany who is delusional and obsessed with the desire to marry Nayeon. He posted Twice members’ personal info on Twitter too. Then, in December 2019, the guy came to Korea and stalked Nayeon and other Twice members.
12. JYP Entertainment has been linked with singing ability controversy for their girl groups. Twice is one of them. On June 10, 2020, Twice won first place in Show Champion. However, when Twice members sing the song for the encore, we can clearly hear the members’ voices and Momo’s voice cracked.
13. Next day, on June 11, 2020, when Twice won first place in Mnet Countdown, Momo and some other members didn’t sing their part. As for Momo, she seemed nervous after the accident in Show Champion. So Nayeon sang their parts instead.
14. On February 19, 2021, Twice released a project called “Twice Melody Project” with Dahyun and Chaeyoung with a song called Switch to me. In the music video, Dahyun wore a hanbok that looks similar to what Blackpink’s Jisoo wore in the How You Like That music video. The designer of that hanbok was angry and posted it on her social media. JYP Entertainment then released an apology statement and deleted the part in that music video.
15. On February 21, 2016, Nayeon once shared a picture of her phone’s screen listening to Taeyeon‘s song called Secret. But, people noticed that Nayeon used the SoundCloud platform, which Taeyeon didn’t officially release there. Nayeon then apologizes for her mistake.
16. Ever since Twice made their debut, they are appointed for CFs or ambassadors for many brands such as SKOOLOOKS, CGV, Kookmin Card, Pocari Sweat, Estee Lauder, etc.
17. Twice’s official colors were released on September 23, 2016. The colors are Apricot (712C) and Neon Magenta (812C)
18. Before the official colors were decided, Twice used pink and melon colors.
19. The chant that Twice shouted whenever they were about to perform is, “Twice! Twice! Let’s do well!” or in Korean, “Twice! Twice! Jal-haja!”
20. Twice and Gfriend members are friends. They debuted in the same year, 2015. Their members are also around the same age, such as Nayeon-Sowon, who were born in 1995, Yerin-Jeongyeon-Sana-Momo, who were born in 1996, Yuju–Eunha-Jihyo-Mina who were born in 1997, and SinB–Umji-Dahyun, who were born in 1998.
21. Twice also friends with other members from different groups since pre-debut days. For example, Blackpink’s Jennie and Jisoo are Nayeon’s friends, EXID’s Junghwa and soloist Chungha, a former JYP trainee, so they are friends with Twice members.
22. Since Jeongyeon’s sister, Gong Seung-yeon, was a trainee in SM Entertainment (and now debuted as an actress), Twice connected to Red Velvet through Jeongyeon’s sister.
23. Because of the Korean age system, five members of Twice (Jeongyeon, Momo, Sana, Jihyo, and Mina) decided to consider themselves as ‘same age friends’ after being declared by Jeongyeon. However, Mina still calls Jeongyeon eonnie or older sister.
24. However, in Twice, there is no concept of age rank between members, and they speak with banmal (informal language) towards each other.
25. Since Twice has 9 members, they use 2 vans wherever they have a group schedule.
26. All of the members of Twice use their real names instead of stage names.
27. Twice members have pets raised in their family’s houses. Nayeon, Jeongyeon, Momo, Sana, Mina, Dahyun, and Tzuyu adopted dogs, while Jihyo has a cat. Dahyun was originally afraid of animals, but she started to adopt a dog in 2017.
28. Twice is handled by Division 3, the division in JYP Entertainment that used to handle Miss A and Suzy.
29. Twice’s Japanese members came from Japan’s Kansai region. Mina was from Kobe, Sana was from Osaka, and Momo was from Kyoto.
30. All Twice members like jokbal or pig’s trotters.
31. The member who is in charge of cleaning the dorm is Jeongyeon.
32. Twice members’ favorite Pokemon: Nayeon (Squirtle), Jeongyeon (Bulbasaur), Momo (Psyduck), Sana (Pachirisu), Jihyo (Purin), Mina (Piplup), Dahyun (Charmander), Chaeyoung (Chikorita), Tzuyu (Eevee).
33. Twice’s managers are popular among fans. However, some managers have become a manager for other groups.
34. Twice members admitted that they often made a mistake during performances on stages. Especially they had several special performances that required choreography changes. Sana, Jeongyeon, and Tzuyu are members who are often made mistakes, among others.
35. Twice do live broadcasts on VLive often. They also use it as a chance to interact with fans. For example, Nayeon and Sana often do spoiler (and consider as Spoiler Fairies by fans) on Twice’s VLive.
36. Except for Sana, all of Twice’s members are introverts based on their MBTI. However, according to Sana’s MBTI result, ENFP, she is the most introverted of the extroverts.
37. Since their debut until 2021, Twice, who has made their debut for over 6 years, never had a solo debut of any member.